FAQUse: add Can I send privately below 100% privacy progress (#1187)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.md

(Assuming both transactions are roughly the same size.)
:::

:::details
### Can I send (privately) from my wallet when the privacy progress is below 100%?

Yes, you can always send from your wallet.
However, a best practice is to only send private funds.
Making your wallet 100% private [takes some time](FAQ-UseWasabi.md#how-long-does-it-take-to-make-my-wallet-100%-private), but in the mean time you can always send the (private) funds.

> So when your wallet is partially private (between 1 and 100% privacy progress) it is a best practice to only send the private available amount, to remain your privacy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So when your wallet is partially private (between 0 and 100% privacy progress) it is a best practice to only send the private available amount, to protect your privacy.
```

In the privacy progress tile, `PRIVATE` shows the currently available private BTC amount.

> So that is the amount which can be send privately, even if the privacy progress is not yet 100%.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So that is the amount (minus the mining fees) which can be sent privately, even if the privacy progress is not yet 100%.
```

When sending, the wallet automatically selects the private funds first.

For example:

> When `PRIVATE` is 0.00787086 BTC, that means that I can send 0.00787086 BTC privately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `PRIVATE` is 0.00787086 BTC, that means that I can send less than that privately.
```

Even when the `Privacy Progress` is below 100%.

> So when sending, 0.00787086 - mining fees (±0.00010000 BTC, depending on tx size and fee rate) should be entered as the `Amount` in order to only use the private funds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So when sending, less than 0.00787086 BTC (to cover the mining fees) should be entered as the `Amount` in order to only use the private funds.
```
